updated beta docs (#930)
microsoftgraph/entra-powershell: module/docs/entra-powershell-beta/Microsoft.Graph.Entra.Beta/Get-EntraBetaApplicationKeyCredential.md

Gets the key credentials for an application.

## Syntax

```powershell
Get-EntraBetaApplicationKeyCredential 
 -ObjectId <String>
 [<CommonParameters>]
```

## Description

The `Get-EntraBetaApplicationKeyCredential` cmdlet retrieves the key credentials for an application. Specify `ObjectId` parameter to retrieve the key credentials for an application.

## Examples

### Example 1: Get key credentials

```powershell
Connect-Entra -Scopes 'Application.Read.All'
Get-EntraBetaApplicationKeyCredential -ObjectId '00001111-aaaa-2222-bbbb-3333cccc4444'
```

```Output
CustomKeyIdentifier DisplayName     EndDateTime           Key KeyId                                StartDateTime         Type               Usage
------------------- -----------     -----------           --- -----                                -------------         ----               -----
{116, 101, 115, 116…} MyApp Cert 6/27/2024 11:49:17 AM     bbbbbbbb-1c1c-2d2d-3e3e-444444444444 6/27/2023 11:29:17 AM AsymmetricX509Cert Verify
```

This command gets the key credentials for the specified application.
`-ObjectId` parameter specifies the ID of an application object in Microsoft Entra ID.

## Parameters

### -ObjectId

> Specifies a unique ID of an application in Microsoft Entra ID for which to get key credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies a unique ID of an application in Microsoft Entra ID to retrieve key credentials. Use `Get-EntraBetaApplication` for more details.
```
